[AIRFLOW-4495] Allow externally triggered dags to run for future exec dates (#7038)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/scheduler.rst

    **Let’s Repeat That**, the scheduler runs your job one ``schedule_interval`` AFTER the start date, at the END of the period.

    You should refer :doc:`dag-run` for details on scheduling a DAG.

> If you want to use 'external trigger' to run future-dated execution dates, set run_future_exec_dates = True in config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use 'external trigger' to run future-dated execution dates, set ``allow_trigger_in_future = True`` in ``scheduler`` section in ``airflow.cfg``.
```

Reviewer: Can you add more description here to tell users they changed it to False and the Dag had already run for future date, what would happen
